Richelle Direny: Politics. I love economics.
Alyse: Good morning. Good morning. I gotta be be waking up just let's
Alyse: See them below pissed here burn minute
Richelle Direny: You still actually moms.
Alyse: No. No, I have never left
Alyse: So,
Richelle Direny: Well, no, you text me said that you didn't go to group because they were painting.
Alyse: No, no, I was at my mind like they are painting here like we are painting painting here. So I was at my mom's for the day.
Alyse: Like that, like, was there, like from nine o'clock in the morning till nine o'clock at night like first time I've been to my mom's and
Alyse: A year or more. Well, what it says what last time we broke up, which is pretty much been since last summer. So about a year, almost
Yeah, I can really
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: When you were saying over there.
Hey,
Alyse: Yeah, that was that was back in summertime, because I remember I met with my Help Me Grow worker at the park and it was more. So it's, you know, about a year.
Richelle Direny: Time goes by.
Alyse: I know. But yeah, it's yeah it's but so i i'd say
Alyse: Hyphens about maybe July or something like that. So yeah, just about a year. But, uh,
Alyse: I continue to pack my stuff, you know, like I was going to move out. And I think as once he saw more boxes.
Alyse: Coming up with more stuff being packed he I guess he took me seriously. And it freaked him out.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so you did that just to do that or you
Alyse: Know, I did it because I was really, I was really going to leave like I was like, listen.
Alyse: Obviously, whatever is going on between us isn't working. No more like you want to do whatever you're doing are going through a midlife crisis, and I'm not going to sit around and be treated like I'm a piece of shit when I know I'm not like
Alyse: The stuff around here between business and kids and this and that, like, kinda like
Alyse: The gift giving myself enough credit, like I caught myself. Short all the time on like how hard I work and the things I do
Alyse: And I only seem to remember this stuff. What I want to, like, this isn't a constant thing in my mind like I think because I get to that point of like
Alyse: spasming crying and this and that and feeling like life's over because it's like
Alyse: Hold on. First I'm letting somebody else like tell me what I do and don't do you know what I mean. And I know damn well that I work hard. I like to try to think, sometimes I don't. Or, you know, like I like i said i I set myself short a lot, but it's
Alyse: Like when I really sit down and think about it, it's like, damn, like, because if I wasn't here, he'd be paying somebody to do this stuff. You know what I mean.
Alyse: He'd be he'd have to find somebody that he trusted me and his house around all that stuff with his children, and so on and so forth.
Alyse: And you know, it's like I'm going to ask that, like, yeah, I mean, you might not get along. Sometimes whenever else but you're not going to tell me like that. I don't do this or I don't do that.
Alyse: And I just think that like you said. He goes, I felt like, um, you know, like
Alyse: For I was like talking to my Help Me Grow burger. I said, You know, I like I used to do everything for that man like literally like shower his ass, Rochelle.
Alyse: Like everything and then once I had the babies and I had to take care of them.
Alyse: He didn't get any of that attention anymore. You know what I mean like that individually like that attention like I wasn't even sleeping downstairs. I didn't sleep downstairs for four months.
Alyse: So we, I guess he just he like he said the other day, he goes I felt like like I didn't need you for a little bit like I didn't need to. As much as I used to not like well, have fun thing and that's the way you act because that's turned on, on true
Alyse: I don't know, like
Everything seems to be fine.
Richelle Direny: Um, when it's all said and done, it is going to be
Richelle Direny: It is going to be
Richelle Direny: A situation where
Richelle Direny: Like we said the jealousy, which, as I've always said to you, everything like what would the the the arguments that you guys get into the fusses that you guys get into
Richelle Direny: A lot of it is coupled with guilt, um, you know, and it's not jealousy jealousy in the sense that
Richelle Direny: You know, in a relationship, the men can get jealous of the children because in their eyes, like you said they were getting all of this attention.
Richelle Direny: On interrupted attention. No one was taking your attention away from them. Now, children are involved, you're pouring everything about you in them.
Richelle Direny: And they're only getting maybe an hour if that most out of date of your time. So then they become very jealous of the children.
Richelle Direny: And it's not that they don't love the children. It's not that they're saying that you shouldn't, but it's just like
Richelle Direny: You know, in their minds do what they're seeing these that this child this individual this person.
Richelle Direny: Is getting all of her attention. So just like a child who throws a tantrum. They eventually throws an adult size tantrum. You're looking at this adult sized tantrum and you say you should know better than like that.
Richelle Direny: But you have to look at. You remember like what I always say to you, don't just look at what is the behavior that is being presented in front of you.
Richelle Direny: Look what what is fueling that behavior.
Richelle Direny: What is where is the source of that behavior coming from what is causing all of that.
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like, even with the infidelity. You see him treating you a certain way, then when it comes down to the come down, you realize there is somebody else in the picture you are out there doing something. So if you make me feel
Richelle Direny: If you come in and you pick a fight with me. You make it all about me. I will never stop.
Richelle Direny: To pay attention to that.
Richelle Direny: You're doing your dirt and you got your thing going on. You will never stopped to think about that.
Richelle Direny: Simply because you're so focused on the behavior. The adult science tantrum, that is going on in front of you and you're only going to address what is going on in front of you, instead of stopping and saying, hold up.
Richelle Direny: Where is this really coming from because I know
Richelle Direny: I'm a damn good girlfriend. I know I'm a damn good mother not only to my children, but to your children as well. I'm a damn good housekeeper. I'm a good I'm good at all of but you know what
Richelle Direny: If I lower your self esteem and if I make you feel bad about everything that you're doing. You will never stop to do the
Richelle Direny: Printing and that's what's been going on.
Alyse: Yeah, because I mean not even that. I mean I guess I can see to where I'm like that. Like, I feel that same way I feel about a sign. I'm like dude.
Alyse: You work with your kid all day. You know, I mean you guys around each other from five in the morning until late and like
Alyse: You that You know what I mean. But you're calling him to go out to lunch with you when I haven't left the house, then you know what I mean, right. I can see where my wrong was cool, because the I love how I act like a week later I you should have known. This is how it's going to be
Alyse: But it's like you know i i was the same way. Like that's, you know, a lot of this came to be a part of it on top of, like, you know,
Alyse: Whatever, it's like you're around your child all day. He's a grown ass man like
Alyse: What about me.
Alyse: You know, like, that's been a major problem and I have some huge resentment against the funding for whatever but
Richelle Direny: How's his son.
Alyse: Like 22 or something like that are grown ass man.
Alyse: Sorry, high
Richelle Direny: Water
Richelle Direny: What do you mean that you feel the same way about his son, and what was
Alyse: A while about like the attention you know like how he could feel that way. Maybe about the babies about like me and the attention with the baby.
Alyse: You know that, like, I'm not giving him enough all their contention, because I have two little human being. They can't care for themselves.
Alyse: Well, I look at it this way, you care for your son or not. And that means grown and he can care for himself. Like I just
Alyse: It's I can instill like I Can I catch myself like the booth and attitude when his name comes up, or he is around or this or that it just
Alyse: To me is like sodium annoying like we've the kid alone. He's
Alyse: You know,
Alyse: So I don't know.
Richelle Direny: I mean, as I said, you know, if, but then it's recognizing it
Richelle Direny: It's recognizing it and it's adjusting the behavior because it's one thing to
Richelle Direny: It's one thing to recognize it and adjust it. But you have to be aware of the behavior.
Richelle Direny: Um, you have, you have to really truly be aware of the
Behavior.
Richelle Direny: You know you're with his son, his son is hardly ever around. Is it that he's around all the time and he takes up all his time and energy with the sun. What is the story.
Alyse: Well, I mean, they work together. That's enough time spent in general.
Alyse: But then after work, you guys are going out to lines or on your days off, you're going to pick them up to have them go do this with you or that and now it's not even just the sun. It's a son's girlfriend, too. And it's just like, I mean, find some new friends or something like you're like,
Alyse: I just
Alyse: I just see it just too much. I don't know, I, I'm
Richelle Direny: Everything that we've ever
Richelle Direny: Totally fine and everything we've ever talked about, I've gone through, I have this question.
Richelle Direny: What can you say you have
Richelle Direny: Learned in this time or skills that you have gathered knowing what you know about yourself, knowing what you know about him.
Richelle Direny: What are some things that you can say that you can do to
Richelle Direny: To help you to get through.
Richelle Direny: These moments that you have with him.
Alyse: Or with how things have gone that I need to really separate myself. I, I feel that by your we are to use. Can you stop complaining about nothing.
Alyse: Sorry. Hold on, I'm
Alyse: Lord, sorry. I finally moved them into their bed after four months. So they've been sleeping like through the night, but they are up super early in the morning anymore.
Alyse: So I'm
Richelle Direny: You know, back in your bedroom.
Alyse: Yeah, I moved back downstairs. After, after almost five months.
Alyse: But it's, it's nice because I'm like last night. If I will know woke her up, she probably would have slept through the night again like they've been almost sleeping through the night, maybe waking up once for a bottle.
Alyse: Oh, I'm catching up on sleep. I miss for a long time. Um, okay, so definitely he's he's too strong headed of a person. And so am I. Even if I'm wrong. If I'm right, it doesn't matter is if I get that, if I want to be right, I'm gonna make myself right one way or another. Right.
Alyse: And so, as he and we we go back and forth like it's just like that fire with a, you know, we still are a little bit of spit out a little bit of fuel in there and it gets bigger and bigger, bigger, and then it blows up.
Alyse: So I've come like I gotta separate myself either go to my mom's go to the store give myself a little bit of time to cool down. You know what I mean, because I started getting pissed off and I start
Alyse: Want to add to that fire. I don't even care what comes out of my mouth, but the truth is it's fake. It doesn't matter to me as long as I say something to hurt someone's feelings. I'm good.
Alyse: So definitely you know
Alyse: We obviously can't talk very well. One more in bad moods are arguing so that space also gives us time to cool down. You know, I mean, because we can be
Alyse: This that whatever and then 20 minutes later, you know, talking normal like it's no problem.
Alyse: So it's really just like you said about recognizing either. I've had a bad day with the kids, I'm stressed out. I'm tired. He's had a long day he's this he's that so you're already quick to jump off the deep end.
Alyse: You know when you're in those types of moves to begin with. So it's really like it yourself. Right. Like the other day.
Alyse: I had a bad day with the kids and before he got home I like had to tell myself like okay at least like go I hid myself in the bathroom for a little bit. I let the babies cry for about a couple minutes, you know,
Alyse: As I was just over it for the day I got already Todd was short with everybody crabby
Alyse: Och myself in the bathroom for about 10 minutes put on my earbuds listen to some music, and I was fine fine enough for him to come home and not know that like I was having a bad day because
Alyse: I've learned after these almost three years that after a day of work. He doesn't want to come home and see me in a bad mood like
Alyse: If I'm in a bad mood when he gets home and just really ruins everything. So no matter from bad mood or not. I
Alyse: Put on my Levy's and you know it just
Alyse: Learn the things sometimes got to do to make the situation. Okay. At the end of the day, you know, like
Richelle Direny: Be the bigger person of all your time even though even though you're not your reaction to it is not saying
Richelle Direny: I agree, or you're just pretty much before the the forest goes ablaze. Your outing you're stopping the fire the forest from blazing. You know what I mean. And that's literally dude.
Richelle Direny: You're stopping yourself from ruining the rest of your day you're stopping yourself from ultimately snapping at the children.
Richelle Direny: You're stopping yourself from the destruction, the possible destruction to this relationship because remember when you get an argument. It's not just about this one little itty bitty thing now you don't
Richelle Direny: Kiss me on number. Remember
Richelle Direny: What I didn't address what you were this morning, then a couple of weeks. Talk about last night. Oh, and remember, a week ago when you piss me off when I found out she was hooking up with that. Should we talking about now.
Richelle Direny: You see, you see, everything is going to come off because now you're it's like it's almost like
Richelle Direny: From a physiological standpoint, like, now you're it's almost like the pumping machine has started your blood is boiling
Richelle Direny: Every all the juices. Everything is turning within you and now you are fully charged. Now we're not now that you're upset. You're not walking away, my friend, you're staying here because you don't got me started.
Richelle Direny: That's what choosing to let me ignore. Let me walk away. Let me calm down. Let me get level headed so that when I'm level headed and I could think straight. I could put my point across. Because going into a shouting match. It's not going to work and doing that's
Richelle Direny: Ultimately, and
Alyse: And the funny thing is you know how you're like,
Alyse: You know, to keep it going. And then so like he goes to walk away because he's like, I'm not doing it today. I'm not doing this argument I'm done with it. I'm like, oh, let me break the window because here if I break the window, then you'll stick around and play some more with me.
Alyse: You know, I mean, it's like, it's this disgusting cycle and
Alyse: Is and it's like even, even within the past few days, like, um, you know, our normal conversation and and you know you'll be like a
Alyse: You know he'll say something and I looked at him like I thought we were in talking about that. And he's like, well, there's nothing else to talk about. I'm like, get out of here. Like you have amazing we talk about any and everything all the time.
Alyse: You know what I mean, like, we're not two people that sit in a room and don't speak to each other. There's always something to talk about.
Alyse: It just steering away from like that negativity like like your
Richelle Direny: Arguments, the most
Alyse: I'm like, when I I mean I feel like it has it always boils down to something like either I'm stressed out with the kids. After weeks of not going anywhere, doing something. And I'm like, begging for the man's attention like Hey, hello, notice me
Alyse: Can I run with you to Home Depot. Can I, you know what I mean.
Alyse: For me it's just about that attention factor.
Alyse: All I really need you to do every now and then is, hey, you're doing a good job.
Alyse: Or hey I appreciate you, you don't. Not the OH here, let me bring you home. This or let me buy you this. I don't care about that. It's just the simple acknowledgement of
Alyse: Hey, I see you and I know that you're trying or, you know, like this whole thing was school when I originally told him I was going to school. He was like pissed off about it.
Alyse: When did you see. And when I started
Alyse: I started to say
Alyse: Okay, um,
Alyse: And you know, when I told him last week about it. He's been pissed off. And then, you know, when we started when we, you know, started talking and passionate thing up things up. He's like, I thought
Alyse: You know, he's like, I just want to tell you I'm proud of you. And I was like, what, and he's like, yeah, he goes
Alyse: You know, I just thought that maybe you were trying to get it, you know, go to college and better yourself and leave me and I'm like really like it's not even about that. It's about trying to better myself and then trying to help you out.
Richelle Direny: But in that moment. So okay, so these I'm teaching
Alyse: This okay okay teacher
Richelle Direny: In that moment, what spoke loudest, not the content. But what was speaking the loudest in that moment.
Alyse: What is recognition. Oh, I don't, I don't know what
Richelle Direny: Will you think spoke the law I he said I thought
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Alyse: You're gonna leave me.
Richelle Direny: You're going to leave. You're going to better yourself and now you're going to leave me. What do you think spoke about is right there, which makes me think that's what speaks loud. That's what speaks very loud in a lot of your arguments.
Alyse: Like the, the better yourself.
Alyse: Believe you
Richelle Direny: Know he thinks that you're going to better yourself from where you are right now what you're doing right now.
Richelle Direny: And he is going
Richelle Direny: You're going to leave him.
Richelle Direny: So you're going to get better than him. And you're going to leave.
Richelle Direny: What word
Alyse: Better
Alyse: You're speaking is
Alyse: Purity. Oh, oh, I didn't know where we're going with that. Yeah, I
Alyse: Mean, because that says like as soon as he said that I thought in my head like
Alyse: Really because my mom always says he's very insecure person, but he carries himself with such a hard way. You know what I mean, but
Richelle Direny: I can mask it
Richelle Direny: You're. That's what I'm saying what I'm teaching you remember we started off with, you have to understand what fuels of persons rage.
Richelle Direny: Don't go. It was just in front of you. What is fueling it from behind what is giving it the strength, a car can a car has no power if you put no gas in it and step on the gas to fuel it to push it forward. Think about that he is. It sounds to me what you're saying is, he's very insecure.
Richelle Direny: And so fear for for everything he's done. He gets into these little petty arguments these arguments that for you. You're like, What were you coming from with this.
Richelle Direny: He's very insecure. So even though you keep telling him Harrell.
Richelle Direny: I love you. I love you, that I'm putting up with your crap you're doing all the things that you're doing on the outside. I'm taking care. I'm still even home taking care of your kids. What makes you think that I am not going to still love you, and stay here.
Richelle Direny: Did he asked you to marry him. At one point,
Richelle Direny: Yep. So then
Richelle Direny: For him because he's so insecure insecurities is not allowing him to see all the things that you are doing to say that whatever it is that I'm doing. It's not just for me, but it's for us all. BECAUSE HE'S SO INSULTING
Richelle Direny: You understand the thing everything he does. It's because
Richelle Direny: Of insecurity. He's so insecure of himself. He thinks that. So even in
Richelle Direny: Calling you names or putting you down and saying, oh, you know, get out and this that and the other. But Oh forget it. I don't want you to get out all of it is his insecurities.
Richelle Direny: He feels like he's not, he's not worthy. And he feels like one day you're going to go out, you're going to find somebody better than him. You're going to be all of that is his insecurity.
Alyse: Sounds about right. It makes sense. Definitely really does.
Richelle Direny: So when you sit in here. It's like you're trying to have this logical conversation with a person who their insecurity is so much that they have no way of making that penetrate into their brain like
Alyse: Like what I don't like. They hear it but the candor China.
Richelle Direny: Did you hear it but they can't, it's two things I can hear what you're saying, but you have to, you have to ask the question. Do you understand what I'm saying.
Richelle Direny: Well yeah okay if you understand. Tell me what you understand because now you know how deep you get with the conversation how far you go with the conversation or or even if you have to kind of reel it back and find a different way, so they can understand what it is that you're saying
Richelle Direny: He knows what he has
Richelle Direny: And he doesn't want to lose it. So he finds different way to make you feel less than at all times.
Alyse: You know, Mike. Mike said this to me the other day and she said she said when we guarantee me. Whoa, this week. He loves you. She goes, You just like swimming. You feel like you're less than like makes you feel like you're not worthy or not worth anything. So he has control over yet.
Richelle Direny: That's a person who is so
Insecure
Richelle Direny: A person who is so insecure himself because guess what if I make you feel remember feel
Richelle Direny: If I make you feel like this and if I make that feeling so big and so prevalent in so that it that you can't see past how you feel, guess what.
Richelle Direny: You will never strive to do better. You will never strive to want more because you sit in this mode of depression you sit in this mode of i can't i can't do any better than out for myself. Think about a person who is in a domestic violent relationship.
Richelle Direny: It's all about power and control.
Richelle Direny: It's all about
Alyse: Believe
Richelle Direny: You I make you believe it. Yeah, yeah.
Richelle Direny: You know you all believe it, but if I
Richelle Direny: Put enough if I say it enough, you start to believe it.
Alyse: Yep, yep, yep, yep. Been there, done that yet. It just went extinct upon you in a different form or in a different way. You don't quite catch it, you know, I mean,
Richelle Direny: You always have the best in everything I do. I have to be creative donor, if I'm a scheme, you know,
Richelle Direny: I see if it's never gonna feed them steal from you. The same way you don't always have to come up with a way
Alyse: That's true, that's true.
Richelle Direny: If the first one. He came through the front door and he got you the second time he gonna find the side door and then eventually you gonna say, All right, well, we can't be walking through this door. We don't have to find another way
Richelle Direny: To get him. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Go ahead.
Alyse: So, I mean, obviously that's not my. It's not my place to work on his insecurities. That's not my my doing great, but
Richelle Direny: You stroking
Alyse: Memories that
Richelle Direny: You can't. You can't fix a person who doesn't want to necessarily be fixed. All you can do is do what you're doing and
Richelle Direny: Do what you're doing because you're not doing anything to make him feel otherwise.
Richelle Direny: Um, you know, I always tell you. You remember in the beginning, and you've tried it once, and you said you actually had success. It's like you speak to his ego.
Richelle Direny: You tell him you speak life into him and say, hey, Harold. You know, you're a good dad you're this, you're that you speak to him in that sense where he's like, hold up, what's going on here.
Richelle Direny: What you want you going back to school and saying, what is it that you said you were going to go to school for again.
cosmetology
Alyse: No, no, no, my associates of science and business administration.
Richelle Direny: Okay, in what you're doing now like even running the business.
Alyse: Yeah, pretty much.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so
Alyse: Just kind of teaching me better and and learning. You know, like I'm learning about insurance right now.
Richelle Direny: I'm trying to put out a man
Richelle Direny: Look, so
Richelle Direny: You have a business.
Richelle Direny: That you're helping him you're doing the administrative part of the business, right, because the way you explained it to me is that you do. He does the work. But you do the books and you do every you handle everything else. Right.
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I don't know if it's because you're you're where you are. You seem to every move. You're, you're freezing like your connection is not that great.
Oh,
Alyse: I just, I don't want to be around.
Alyse: Kid down here.
Richelle Direny: Okay, no.
Richelle Direny: Now with what you're saying this is what you do for the business. So you say you guys have a roofing company and you pretty much, you take care of everything else he pretty much just goes out, he gets the orders and he goes out and he does the job right.
Alyse: When
Richelle Direny: The guys come to you, you cut the check and you do all of that.
Alyse: Yep.
Richelle Direny: All you're doing is just, Hey, well we have a business together. So I thought it best for me to understand how to run the business from the administrative and
Richelle Direny: I'm just going to school, just to get a degree and to get better understanding of how to run this business at the end of the day, it's not benefiting me it's benefiting both of us. And this business that we're building
Alyse: And and that's the first thing I said when we started talking. It's a, you know, I just want to say, you know, I'm proud of you.
Alyse: And I hope that you understand I'm doing this because it's going to do nothing but better when when roofing Link, it's going to
Alyse: Teach me the proper things I need to know and therefore I can start off, you know, doing this properly, and then I can go back to school for like a bachelor's in business, you know,
Alyse: Like I'm just trying to do a little bit of something, you know, like, to me it's like I've overcome so much. I just want to damn college degree. I don't care what kind of college degree don't care how I get it, don't care what
Alyse: bachelor's, master's, whatever. Just give me something, and I'll be happy for now. You know what I mean, that's like my that next accomplishment for me.
Alyse: Um, and I was like, that's all I want to do is make it better for us.
Richelle Direny: And how did he respond to that.
Alyse: These. Oh. Oh, I thought, and that's when he started with the. I thought you were going to do this to get better and leaving. And I'm like, No. I said Harold.
Alyse: Why don't you get, I will spend the rest of my life with you and if I'm able to, that's my point life. I'm not trying to
Alyse: I don't want to be with anybody else. I don't want to go soul search and I don't want to find this. You know what I mean. And I mean, I'm sure. Like, he says, that's me alive on Earth. My life with you. It kind of goes in one ear and out the other. Because, you know, it's hard to believe. Sometimes
Alyse: You know,
Richelle Direny: I think he has his own. I think he has his own demons that he's battling
Richelle Direny: With a different place.
Richelle Direny: You remember he has a lot of grief and loss, the loss is loss of his mother.
Richelle Direny: Here it is that he's raising his children had their mother is not involved in, even though you're helping and you're doing what you're doing.
Richelle Direny: They're still that dealing with his children and everything that they're going through, internally, because their mother is strung out on drugs.
Richelle Direny: There's a whole lot. I'm sure there's things from his past part which is part of the reason why he's in such denial about the his alcohol use, and what he uses to cope with it.
Richelle Direny: I mean there's dairies he's having to work to be able to take care of you and six children. So there's a whole lot on his mind, not knowing how to effectively coping cope with that. And did you, did he, what did he grow up with a father.
Alyse: Figure. No, no, no.
Richelle Direny: That's another big deal then
Alyse: The one that was there that step father beat them. I mean ball I taught yeah beat him for years and then Harold beacons, so
Alyse: It was, yeah. He had a really messed up childhood, I'd say, I thought, mine was bad. My God.
Richelle Direny: So you're dealing with a broken individual
Alyse: Yeah, I didn't say
Alyse: Merely
Richelle Direny: It who fails to admit that he's broken on the inside.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Alyse: That yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: So he he. I mean, and I'm not by any means, telling you to condone
Richelle Direny: certain behaviors.
Richelle Direny: But Aaron knows that he doesn't want to
Alyse: Yeah, I mean I guess like yesterday, I believe that, too, like I
Richelle Direny: Give you know, listen, you might woman at home.
Richelle Direny: She just my thought on the street.
Richelle Direny: But that doesn't mean that I'm okay.
Richelle Direny: I'm going because then I'm leaving myself open to you giving me any crap. You know, so he knows that he doesn't want to leave. I think that because he's so good. He's so insecure, he feels that
Richelle Direny: To find happiness, he needs to do these things that he's doing it also tells me that Harold doesn't have anybody supportive or positive in his life to tell him, yo. I mean, I know what you're doing. But you need to stop.
Alyse: Yeah.
Alyse: Barely do
Richelle Direny: Who's those positive people, men whose those other positive men in his life male figures that says to him.
Richelle Direny: You're going down a bad
Alyse: Path.
Richelle Direny: You're about to lose everything.
Alyse: Yeah, I mean, doesn't have any really there might be one or two, but they're not
Alyse: Anything special. I mean, then, for him. He's a grown ass man. He's a, you know, and that's the thing. It's hard. It's like you can't teach like you can't teach an old dog new tricks kind of thing.
Alyse: That man is set in his ways, period. He is the way he is whatever he's been railroaded many times of for by women.
Alyse: Children's mothers ex girlfriends, whatever, you know, like that's why he is like the way he is with his stuff like
Alyse: Like the last lady of the last row. He was what he was willing for like five years and he was at work, she ended up like
Alyse: Sneaking money from the account and like saved up like 70 $500 brought a U Haul and cleared out the whole house like
Alyse: Like took everything. And this is his kids house like this is his house like he has his in my house. But at the end of day. This is this man's house. And this is just me and stuff. You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: So somebody in this house they cleared out everything
Alyse: Yeah, everything that was here, gone. I mean, from pots to like washing powders, said she, improves the furniture.
Richelle Direny: If she was able to do that in the day.
Alyse: He was at work, and he goes to work at five in the morning and he's gone until you know whatever time depending on what they're doing. So it's possible.
Alyse: But it's like, you know what I mean. That's why he's so like
Alyse: Watch you overweight his money, you know,
Alyse: And then certain things like you know he'll say this, that, and my money. This is I've been with you for two years. I asked you for damn tampons.
Alyse: That is, they can have money for can bond climb money for that. You know what I mean, like, I just don't go free range shit.
Alyse: Because it's I still look at it as purely it's not mine. It's just, and he hates that more than anything. When I asked for stuff. And I'm like, well,
Alyse: I guess partially you shouldn't treat me the way you do when it comes to money. I've never taken a penny from you, you know, I mean, then, once he found out I was on Xbox. And I was like, Oh, you're stealing from me. I'm like, what
Alyse: Why would I be stealing from you, Link. You know, that's just was his little things.
Richelle Direny: At one point, this he he rested.
Alyse: Yeah, well I guess he thinks, because I'm on them that I must be on other stuff or something like that. And so therefore, I was like, listen.
Alyse: I can track every penny of whatever. I mean, to me, I can piss away $100 in a day, like it's nothing. That's just life guy go to the store to dollar tree and I can spend $100 just I'm stupid shit.
Alyse: You know, like I don't I track everything I track you can look at my bank account, everything
Alyse: And that's what pisses me off is like, I hate when somebody I hate when you try to act like I'm not trustworthy like I've done something wrong. See him in that way. Yes, I've lied to you I'm sorry about that.
Alyse: And I already knew this was going to be a thing. Remember I told you. Oh, he's gonna say I learned about this. What else did I lie about
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Alyse: And it's like I and I specifically lied to you about this because of your reaction that I'm getting now that I knew. I've gotten and and that wasn't fair like that's not fair to pass that judgment on yours or to think like that of me because of whatever but um
Alyse: He's just, he's very like it's a control and his control it. So it all revolves around control and I let him have that control. And when I try to take control back. I've noticed is when there becomes a little bit of a problem.
Richelle Direny: You know, that's why I'm trying
Richelle Direny: To take the control some. I mean, don't try to
Alyse: Have to like get my own control correct like
Alyse: Findings, I can be in control over right like like the man have some control. He's the man. That's what they did.
Richelle Direny: At the end of the day, he's a man and by design by nature. A man is in control, no matter how much we want to think that they're not
Richelle Direny: A man is always in control, no matter how much you have this woman movement to say we're all equal. We're not
Richelle Direny: A man is all control. That's just how it's designed for a man to be in
Richelle Direny: Naturally, a man a stronger than a woman in many different ways. You're his evil. You're there to help him. You're there to encourage him, you're there to speak life into him.
Richelle Direny: And he's there to protect you. He's there to push to shelter you to provide for you, like, That's the role for a man and a woman in naturally
Richelle Direny: The same time when he seeks to launch control. Now, that's when he lose sight of what naturally. He was made for because now you're trying to get too much control. Now you're trying to dictate every aspect of my life.
Richelle Direny: And that's not right. How can I speak life into you. How can I encourage you, how can I do the things that I need to do in my role as a woman, when you take all of it away from me.
Richelle Direny: To say I'm frozen or you're frozen.
Alyse: Know somebody tried to call I thought were there painting. I thought the unplugged the Wi Fi box but trying to call in like pros, the phone.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. So did you hear what what what when
Alyse: I got the
Alyse: The dictate part
Richelle Direny: Well, now I was saying that when they're trying to
Richelle Direny: dictate to you, basically. So it was I said a man is always in control, naturally, a man will always be in control.
Richelle Direny: No matter how much we try to take that from them. A man will always be in control. We have to come to some place where we understand that and we accept how nature was designed it to be for a man and a woman, a woman is there to encourage
Richelle Direny: To support to speak life into them. If a woman is there to do what you're not what you're doing, naturally. What comes naturally to you is to help them.
Richelle Direny: You're the host, the one that you tend to the house. That's why children always comes come to you before they go to their dad.
Richelle Direny: That's why children are more drawn to you because when it comes on to this castle. He builds the castle.
Richelle Direny: He puts you in the children in the castle you maintain the castle and everything in it that's naturally what comes to you.
Richelle Direny: What naturally that comes to him is to build it and to maintain its four walls and to ensure anything that you say you want. Naturally he tries to figure out
Richelle Direny: I need to be able to provide this to her everything she says she needs. I need to figure it out. What overwhelms them is when
Richelle Direny: They can't and they don't know how to. And so they get really stressed because oh my god
Richelle Direny: Elise she needs a, b, c, d. How am I going to provide it for her. The children are this, how am I going to do this. That's what comes naturally for them to do for you.
Richelle Direny: You now you're the thinker. You're the one that you think about everything you try to sort out everything and you can do that all in one minute that it's going to take him a couple days to try to figure it out.
Richelle Direny: You're like, he says, at least I don't know you hurry up and you think about something, you're saying our hair.
Richelle Direny: How about we try this. So you speak life into him you encourage him you empower him and he goes out there and he tries to if you've ever watched movies.
Richelle Direny: Like with kingdoms and all the different things naturally that you'll see, that's exactly what they do. Um, but this is this is how, if you've ever watched what was that show that my husband used to watch. I thought it was a little weird, King of France.
Alyse: Oh, I know your
Richelle Direny: Game of Thrones.
Richelle Direny: Yes, but just like if you look how everything
Richelle Direny: The king always went to the queen, the Queen, they don't show you all the time, but the queen always encourages and tells them what to do, and help them to process it.
Richelle Direny: Before they laid out the law that's naturally what we're made to do so, therefore, when a man tries to take and absorb all the power away from you.
Richelle Direny: They try to take away what's naturally belongs to you. Then what happens, they start to fall apart because what am I gonna do with all this power. What am I gonna do with all this power I can how can I handle all this power because half of that stuff wasn't meant for you to have
Richelle Direny: It really truly wasn't meant for you to have. I am as a woman, I'm only given so much power and control.
Richelle Direny: As a man, you're only given so much power and
Richelle Direny: Control the reason why I have it as a woman, and you have it as a woman, so that together we can be a powerhouse.
Richelle Direny: To maintain all of that we've built
Richelle Direny: We lose sight of that sometimes
Richelle Direny: Yeah, because of what society. So maybe for you in you speaking to him and trying to encourage him is for you to let you know. Together we can be a powerhouse.
Richelle Direny: That's what I'm wanting to work towards together. Let's be a powerhouse.
Richelle Direny: I do what I do on this and you do what you do on that and I don't want to necessarily go out there and stand on the roof and try to do what you do. I don't
Richelle Direny: But I like the business end of it. And I like to maintain that he doesn't want to come home and having to take care of everything in the house.
Richelle Direny: Naturally, you do that.
Richelle Direny: All I'm saying is Harrell.
Richelle Direny: You're doing what you're doing. And that's overwhelming and I listen I give you a whole lot of props you out there getting baked in the sun, your stress. You're tired, you're this I'm home little
Richelle Direny: Notes and everything.
Alyse: So,
Richelle Direny: Him to come together maybe once a week.
Richelle Direny: Every other week.
Richelle Direny: And let's together just remind ourselves what we mean to each other and how important each of our roles.
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's a hard thing to sell to him.
Alyse: It is, but then in that. And that's where that comes in with, you know, like I where I started to feel not appreciated is after you know naming a few weeks you know you doing you I DO ME. WE DO EACH OTHER together, but we can't do each other together outside the house.
Alyse: You know, I just come over overwhelmed with it because it's just a lot. It really is between not just the kids, but just stuff going around in here and you know all this other songs and got it.
Alyse: Now I'm trying to fit school into this and it's like, and I'm always trying to better and I can't seem to me at least better. So I get frustrated with myself. You know what I mean.
Alyse: Like
Richelle Direny: You know what, just attend to my you said that you grew up.
Richelle Direny: Though your parents were were addicts in your
Richelle Direny: Own way.
Richelle Direny: You grew up with your mom and dad right
Alyse: Yeah, but I grew up in a you know they're alcoholics their attics, they were fighting. I mean, a lot of times I guess in my childhood I wish they would have split the hell up.
Richelle Direny: Because
Alyse: You know, it was just like a never ending say I mean even to this day at 32 years old, my parents been married for 40 years and they're miserable is how the other
Alyse: Whatever because people
Richelle Direny: When you compare that to Harold
Oh,
Alyse: That probably would have been like a fairy tale Liam, you know, I mean,
Richelle Direny: But because his was worse, right.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, when his biological. But remember, this is you're seeing this, but this is your
Richelle Direny: biological mother and father who are still together to this day.
Richelle Direny: No matter how dysfunctional. They may be
Richelle Direny: I'm sure after 42 years, you were saying, Hey, you guys need to split up and they're saying, What are you talking about, this is our. This is we're okay.
Alyse: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: But, Harold. Did you get that. Yeah, it was a mom and whatever man that was in house that was not his biological father
Richelle Direny: Because when it's all said and done as much as his children respect to you, whenever they want to. You're not their biological mom. So the connection is different.
Richelle Direny: The appreciation is different. It's going to take a while for them to get to that point where they now look at you and say,
Richelle Direny: Even though you're not my biological mom you've taught me a, b, and c. And for that, I love you and I respect you and now take away
Richelle Direny: The step mom from it and just look at you as Mom, it's going to take a while for you to for them to get there because innately we are drawn to who we know we're connected to from in the wound.
Alyse: You understand, yes.
Richelle Direny: So that's what it is. He, he has no idea
Richelle Direny: What it looks like
Richelle Direny: To be in a in a loving home when a mom and a dad.
Alyse: Yeah yeah
Alyse: I guess even says
Alyse: He'll even say like, I don't, I don't want my parent my children growing up late. That's why he works. He doesn't does what he does, because he doesn't want his
Alyse: children growing up the way that financially like that way. But also, in a way, in the sense that, like he doesn't want them to live in a household. That's always always arguing or that's always violence or there's always alcohol or there's always you know what I mean, like,
Richelle Direny: But then he's doing some of it. He's doing the exact thing that he doesn't want. Yeah.
Alyse: Yep.
Richelle Direny: But you're still blinded by one year so blinded that you don't realize, so it's so it's
Richelle Direny: Oftentimes we say I want to, I want to raise up my own family, very different from what I grew up. Well, you are kind of doing the exact same thing.
Alyse: That you want to do can't give what you haven't been shown
Alyse: So,
Richelle Direny: You can't. But that is but also how about you stop and look at what is it about your family that you didn't like growing on and that's what you change.
Richelle Direny: When you make it very general and you're trying to change the whole thing, you end up doing the exact same thing in comparison to looking at what you didn't like. And that's what you focus on changing
Alyse: That's weird. I'm glad. Thank you for saying that if I took one thing away from that. That's this is what I will be right there.
Alyse: Because I've always wondered like the whole general like I've always said that, like, I don't want my son, growing up, like, you know, I mean the are doing this. And then if you ask Xavier it's we argue all the time, constantly which isn't true.
Alyse: But, you know, kids only see whatever but it's like
Alyse: I guess I've never looked at it that way, it's, it's like to specify something and work on that, you know, you mean like, Oh, well I wasn't shown much affection. Okay, so then therefore I concentrate on that and then do instead of looking at the whole picture that was over so awful.
Richelle Direny: And it wasn't going god awful. It wasn't because you know
Richelle Direny: You could, you could sit there and say there are good things about your parents. There are good things about their parents, their good things that they did, but you have to focus on what was it that you really didn't like
Alyse: Yeah, yeah. Just because that one thing. Everything was horrible, which isn't true, but
Alyse: That's not fair.
Alyse: Actually, it's not fair.
Alyse: It's not fair. No.
Richelle Direny: Because there were so god awful but yet you still around them.
Alyse: You still and and in the plane thing. It's like, I'll even say like, Oh, and my childhood like was shitty and my mom looked at will look at me like white yeah your childhood your childhood was so shitty Elise and I'm like,
Alyse: Well, how are you not seeing what I saw. Oh yeah, you were high level time. But that's not even if it's just a little things that I pick through that makes everything so bad. Whereas you know like there's kids that go through way worse and children and
Alyse: Then I'm sitting back talking about my horrible life of their life's really bad. So, I get it. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Everybody has a story to tell, but it's amazing. And there's no one that can see here and say that they had a perfect
Alyse: Childhood
Richelle Direny: Because there's something in it.
Alyse: That you like
Richelle Direny: Like, like I always
Richelle Direny: Where we as parents we say, Oh, you're going to eat your vegetables and because it's good for you.
Richelle Direny: And then you said behold of when you you don't even like investing
Richelle Direny: Or you give something to oh
Richelle Direny: No, I don't like that. Why you don't like that because when I was little, I was forced to eat it.
Richelle Direny: So why are you
Richelle Direny: Why are you forcing these children to do what you don't even like to do
Alyse: When so funny.
Richelle Direny: So that's how you
Richelle Direny: That's how you find that one thing
Richelle Direny: That you know even to this day, you still when you think about it, you hate it. That's what you work on
Alyse: Don't want my children hearing and be like, Oh, look at this. This is the easy pass right there me
Alyse: For sure.
Richelle Direny: That's what you, that's what you look at. That's, that's how you you work.
Richelle Direny: On changing and you once you've mastered that skill.
Richelle Direny: But honestly I think at some point in time, he will have to come to that place where
Richelle Direny: He, he needs to get help.
Alyse: Yeah he does it. I mean, it's gonna happen, happen. I mean,
Alyse: Listen. Nobody's perfect. No relationships. Perfect. But if you're able to point out where you need help and you're willing to try to help it, and why not you know i mean like
Alyse: I know he's a busy man and I know the first thing that you know isn't thinking about, it's all hey let's get some counseling or something but
Alyse: If you want a relationship to work and you want it to work properly. You have to put in the effort.
Alyse: And in this case, the effort is me going to get some counseling, so we can learn how to talk to each other better so we can understand that. Oh, we can identify this is one of our problems. We need to work on this.
Alyse: It's like, you know, try it, just trying to be like something with something, you know, it's it when he wants to do what he'll do it. Until then, it's what it is when we work our way around it and figure out how to do it on its own. You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: And it is going to take a while so that it takes men some time.
Richelle Direny: Hunger
Richelle Direny: To get to that place of being willing to speak.
Alyse: Yeah, because, you know, like it's
Alyse: It's hard, so you know when the I try like he started, he said something the other day is like, well,
Alyse: Like you started being more like touchy feely, and I'm just, I was like, kind of weirded out because in general on the very affectionate person, but since I've been with him.
Alyse: And he's not affectionate like he's not physical. You know, unless you're just having sex with something
Alyse: So like he started like rubbing my leg, the other day and I like went to like back off from of, like, what are you doing, but then I taught myself, like, hold on.
Alyse: You're gonna like he's going to take that the wrong way.
Alyse: And I even had to tell him like, Listen, I'm not trying to senior and it just is a little different for me. We've had together for two years. You never want to rub my leg or kiss me out of nowhere. You know what I mean.
Alyse: So for me, those things are boring. That's weird. I don't. It's just going to take me you know a little bit to acclimate and I'll be fine. But don't take it the wrong way.
Alyse: And I even hesitated saying something like that because I don't want him to, you know, I don't want him to think I'm doubting him like I tried to
Alyse: Think before words come out of my mouth anymore because I don't want to interrupt what's going on.
Alyse: I don't want to be the bearer of bad news, or the one that this like I he said something about not being the cell phone bills and I like my heart drop and I'm like oh my god already paid. I'm like, he's gonna freak out. You know what, at least like stop worrying so much
Alyse: You know what I mean, like, I'm always worried about what somebody's going to think what something's gonna stay how they're going to ask how I'm going to make them feel when I should be worrying about how I make myself feel, me, me, me, me.
Alyse: Like there's time to be selfish and there's times not to be selfish and I always screw that up.
Richelle Direny: You could do. You could do your own counseling session. From now on, my friend.
Alyse: You're my counsel you tell me about the life for so
Alyse: How's Florida.
Alyse: You having problems with them four legged creatures.
Richelle Direny: You know, I haven't really seen much I'm not, I'm not trying to go out here to see you.
Richelle Direny: Here they're probably
Richelle Direny: Mean that one picture. Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Actual video
Alyse: Yes, I saw, I was I was literally I just screenshot, because I would lend me tendency like that. I'm like, Okay, I was like I had to, because we have eyes. I was like, listen. That's why I know they're listening in on us.
Alyse: How is How funny is that that we just talked about that, then I opened up my Facebook. And that's the first shift that's on there is an iguana crawling up a man
Richelle Direny: I think that's what that one was a bearded dragon, wasn't it
Alyse: I think so, yeah, yeah.
Richelle Direny: That one was a beard. It does, and then
Richelle Direny: What I've seen the video with a little girl is showing. And he's like, hold on.
Richelle Direny: Hold on. All right now.
Alyse: And then they put it on him and he's you didn't know
Alyse: I'm like, Oh, I can see your shell right now sitting outside in the cab, what are
Richelle Direny: You talking about you wouldn't even come close to me.
Alyse: Like you're
Richelle Direny: Practicing physical distance in like, I will. I will.
Alyse: Throw you
Richelle Direny: Throw you across the Wichita, we go with that. Why do you even have it in your hand is
Alyse: Hilarious. I was watching a video on from Ellen DeGeneres, she was live with pain, you know, pink, and her son. They both had co that
Richelle Direny: Oh, they did.
Alyse: Yeah. And she's like, you know, on she talked about, you know,
Alyse: About how people are talking ship because she was able to get tested.
Alyse: And she was like, you know, if I was in people's position. I feel the same way, but the same time, like, you know, said my shoes. If you're able to get a test and you know your son has 103 fever and
Alyse: Just having chest pains and throwing up and diarrhea diarrhea wouldn't. Why wouldn't choose get one to, you know what I mean, it broke my heart because it was like, I think for somebody, you know, we always celebrity this celebrity that but like she was probably in her Ross form, you know,
Alyse: You saw it was like she was human and a real person.
Alyse: And I don't know, it made it so real. And the thing is that they even asked her, like, where do you think you got it from. And she's like, I don't even know. Because we were self quarantine before they were, we were told to do this. They were self quarantine back in the beginning of March.
Alyse: So I don't know. I
Richelle Direny: Just this this
Richelle Direny: It's quarantine. I mean,
Richelle Direny: They tell you to South Korean team. They tell you but then there. People still getting in. So then it's just like
Alyse: How, yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's possible.
Alyse: Well, I'll tell you, I think, Ohio. Here we're making big strides. We've already hit the curve. And it's been going down.
Alyse: I don't know. I think the governor gears, taking the proper steps to start social distancing before he really needed to enter like cut all the main things out before they needed to be. And with that being said, I think we're we're doing well.
Richelle Direny: Let me ask you for your school what you you go weekly online. We
Alyse: Okay, so I am
Alyse: You have to at least
Alyse: Check in
Alyse: If
Alyse: You have to at least purchase like go on website. Like, I'm like, I'm like class website 15 times a month or something like that.
Alyse: Um, I mean I have like
Alyse: So they give you these things called fast tracks on there basically tests to be able to test out of certain subjects like I did a fast track last week for
Alyse: Communications and I test it out of it. So I don't have to take that class I'm doing on college math right now and hopefully I'll test out of that.
Alyse: So those are less classes, you have to take. But, uh,
Alyse: I know I like have to take accounting. I have to take. Um, I think it's called macro economics. I have ethics. I have an algae run business or algebra and something Accounting one and counting to a spreadsheet, like all kinds of stuff. Um,
Alyse: Yeah.
Alyse: So yeah, I don't I just go in every day. So I go on the website every day, at least, that, you know, it knows that I'm there. So it looks proper from not mistaken, you have to
Richelle Direny: Know,
Richelle Direny: My little one just pumping came in. Oh, you're fine.
Alyse: How old for, oh my God, she's like my nephew, my nephew's for needs a little good
So,
Richelle Direny: Today there's no school today because it's Good Friday.
Alyse: Well, you guys are in school. Anyways, right.
Richelle Direny: Well online schooling. Remember, everybody's doing online schooling.
Alyse: Do they have to go online and actually they talk to somebody or no.
Richelle Direny: So some, some of them. There's maybe one of to my daughter one or two classes that she does face to face, but everything else they upload it to the system. And then they do an online.
Alyse: See our kids are on a format. Anyways here. They're basically all their works on iPads, they do see saw and all that other stuff.
Alyse: So their, their work formats already iPad to begin with. You know what I mean. So they don't do any of the human interaction like face to face with teachers, which I think they should, they should fit in on the classic in English class and have to learn it. You know what I mean.
Alyse: But I feel bad for mine because everybody's screwed up nice and well the the the two weeks that they were out before you know spring break it and fourth quarter or third quarter. And so when that shift starts back up.
Alyse: Because I'm at the point where you can only repeat so many times.
Richelle Direny: How are they able to do. You got well for kids, they're in school, so
Alyse: So,
Alyse: You have the old computers. No, no, they're all on it. So they they're like I said before that. It's cool. They don't even have like real books like they might have a math book or English books, but everything is online so they use their iPads, all the time, regardless
Alyse: Okay, you can give me a minute until I'm often here and I'm going to go get a coffee and I'll give you get you a milk.
Alyse: No wonder why Mr probably
Alyse: I can't leave five month old babies here by themselves, Mackenzie, I'm on the phone. Let me finish. Please. That's what
Alyse: I'm yeah so there. Everything's on on you know they they have to check in, they have to
Alyse: Send their daily attendance, like a worksheet and by three o'clock and then everything else is due by 11 o'clock that night for by like Friday or something like that, um,
Alyse: So yeah, but they're i mean they're loading them will work. And don't get me wrong, this isn't like a walk through the park, but they got like 10 works a day like 10 worksheets a day to do
Alyse: So, I mean, they're getting yeah they're getting
To work.
Richelle Direny: But then are they out for the rest of the school year.
Alyse: You know, I, we don't know yet. So they've extended it tell me first. Um, but, I mean, what's the point of going back. I mean, first, first of all, you are possibly you know contaminating more people because although
Alyse: It's not like by May 1 is just going to disappear. It's still going to be there. You know what I mean. So what do you do open up the schools for a month.
Alyse: And let these kids go to school and possibly get sick and get their families sick again. And then, you know, have an outbreak at school or do you just let them do this homeschool for the rest of the year and start off fresh next year.
Alyse: But then you think like they've missed out, you know, we have snow days here and stuff like that. So that's only a certain amount of days out of the year like usually my kids went back last year in September.
Alyse: You know, this year, they're going to be going back. Damn. In the beginning, August. You think you know like when are they going to change this all it's weird. It's just like the world's been put on hold and you don't know what's gonna happen that
Richelle Direny: That is true. That is true. You really do. I
Alyse: Feel like
Richelle Direny: It's touching go, you can go and
Richelle Direny: I'm looking at your
Richelle Direny: You we've always worked on like identifying your triggers to
Richelle Direny: Like maybe your, your triggers to your anxiety that ultimately leads into the arguments between you and Harold right
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Like what are some things like now to be more to be more aware of
Richelle Direny: What do you think you can work on like for to at least to work through not getting yourself all worked up where you feel this over this intense feeling of wanting to leave.
Alyse: Well, my anger, of course. So, and I think my my anger stems from fear like usual mostly to do
Alyse: And like with my anger, like I said, the whole the distancing myself from things like even if it's the children if it's him if it's something getting myself away for a little bit.
Alyse: But before you know like even, even if I get to that point, you know that point. Still a lot for me, you know, that's like a lot of stress. A lot of anxiety. A lot of mine racing and all this extra stuff that doesn't even go along with it and adds to the saying this app. So it's like
Alyse: Should have
Alyse: So I need to
Alyse: I guess I I like I need to start to like recognize with myself when when when I start to feel that way you get what I mean like I need before
Alyse: So instead of realizing, oh, this is the way I feel now, then it's you need to recognize this is the way I'm starting to feel, how do I stop it from getting to 10. You know what I mean.
Alyse: So,
Alyse: I mean, it really just has to do with a lot of
Alyse: Like reckon like recognizing
Alyse: I don't recognize the how I feel. A lot of times, you know what I mean I don't recognize I'm angry. I don't recognize I'm fearful.
Alyse: Because I just act on those things instead of like taking
Richelle Direny: Inventory and look to see what is causing it. Yeah.
Alyse: Me and that inventory. We've never been good step forward as
Richelle Direny: Well for me.
Richelle Direny: And I think all of us because we're so we're I think by nature. We're so impulsive that we just react.
Richelle Direny: Instead of just taking a step back and saying, Okay, before I react to this, you know, where is this coming from
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's a clear path.
Alyse: A lot of things have been said and he says, you know, a lot of like his, his anger comes from me, accusing him of doing things, and he doesn't do them.
Alyse: Like I told him, I said, What would you think if I went out after you know got drunk went out to a bar, what would you think what would you think if I got drunk out to a bar and then my phone will shut off.
Alyse: What would you think if I got drunk went out to a bar, my phone shut off and I didn't come home, till five o'clock in the morning.
Alyse: You know what I mean, like, look at it from my side. Why would I not accuse you of screwing somebody you know I mean why would I not think that that's what you're doing.
Alyse: And then so i don't i never accuse him of cheating on me.
Alyse: Unless he's drinking
Alyse: And I'll take that that accusation from nine months ago, and I'll still run with it today.
Alyse: Remember that time when you went out when I was pregnant, and you didn't come home and somebody called me and said this, which was which you. Sorry. Well, guess what.
Alyse: That's why I do it. Like, I mean, okay, you found out I was on Xbox and will, and then some stupid kid from the donut shop sent over a donor for me. Woohoo.
Alyse: That's twice. I mean, I'm not trying to go tit for tat but week I can hold up both hands and feet on the street that you've done since we've been together, you don't. I mean, like, I'm not trying to like
Alyse: Make you feel some certain type of way, or like downgrade or whatever but
Alyse: Two little hiccups with me, compared to the 22nd with you. I mean, come on now and then you wonder why I accuse you of the things I do
Alyse: Mm hmm. You know,
Richelle Direny: It's all about awareness.
Richelle Direny: It's all about awareness and I think, like you said,
Richelle Direny: You have to, you have to stay focused on you and you can't worry too much because when you say, So focus on him, then you forget what your goals are and what you're supposed to be working on. You forget how to practice your own self control.
Alyse: You free if
Richelle Direny: You're so focused on him.
Alyse: Yep. And I lose it. And then that's where all that's when all this shit starts to blow up like I have to
Alyse: Like I just need to worry about me, where we talked about was it you that I talked to you that I say I don't love myself like I don't think I love myself anymore like I used to. Was that us
Alyse: Yeah, yeah. You don't mean like I have to find myself again I have to love Elise before I can love Harold before I can love
Alyse: Xavier. You know what I mean, like, I can't give love that I don't have for myself.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Alyse: And that's where you go. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And how are you going to start loving yourself again.
Alyse: Well i don't know i a lot of it has to do with recognizing my worth knowing that I'm worth something, and then I'm a benefit to some blank. My I'm a benefit to me, I'm a benefits, my children. I'm a benefit to him. You know, I just have to not only say it, but I gotta believe it, you know.
Alyse: That's all I have right now. No emails. I just know I have to
Richelle Direny: That's it. That's where you start. That's leave it right there. That's it. That's all you do recognize your worth.
Richelle Direny: You know, speak life into yourself speak positivity into yourself. Tell yourself every day that you're worth it. You're a smart, beautiful woman, you're strong you speak those life into yourself, then you'll start loving yourself again, then you'll know how to love someone else.
Richelle Direny: You know, it's what is love yourself know love others as you love yourself, well, how can I love when I don't really know how to love myself. So yeah, that's where it starts, but get. And I think if you just make that your goal to work on for you.
Richelle Direny: And not stay focused on on Harold and and or even on the kids in terms of what it is that they're doing.
Richelle Direny: You won't lose sight of what your goal is for yourself, understanding how to love yourself all your imperfections, because none of us are perfect all your everything that you where you are, to this day, even with the history that you have in your past still loving you, for you.
Richelle Direny: And then you will learn how to love Harold, your children, his children and
Richelle Direny: You know, and I'm going to stop saying his children because at this point. Like, I think it's they're all your children because
Alyse: Everything.
Richelle Direny: You're doing, you're not treating them any different.
Richelle Direny: Than you're treating your own. The only thing that you do different is just say that there has children but outside of that everything you do. You do. As if that they're your biological children. So, you know,
Richelle Direny: Once you start loving yourself and you speak life into yourself and you teach yourself how to, you know, respect yourself you know know self worth, and your value, then you can start teaching the girls. The same thing because you are their biggest example.
Richelle Direny: This is your time going back to what we talked about parenting and recognizing what is it that you didn't get from your own when you were growing up, or what you would have liked what you didn't like
Richelle Direny: This is where now you look at your from a woman's perspective.
Richelle Direny: And you say, you know what, even though my mom was physically there, but I wanted her to love me this way I wanted her to speak life into me this way I want. I think it would have made.
Richelle Direny: It would have made a difference in who I became. And so knowing that Pete having that piece of knowledge. Now you can import this into summer in rain and Mackenzie is a girl right
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you can import that into Mackenzie, you know, all of the females that are in your life that are you're raising teaching them how to value themselves and not waiting for a man to show you that value teaching them how to love themselves and not looking for a man
Alyse: In Pharaoh's
Richelle Direny: Are you still there.
Alyse: Yeah you froze for so long.
Alyse: You to senior pays. I'm sorry.
Alyse: Are you frozen again.
Alyse: You're frozen again.
Richelle Direny: No, they kicked
Alyse: Off. Yeah, I was gonna say
Alyse: I think
Richelle Direny: I hear you. Can you hear me.
Alyse: Yeah, I can hear you. I mean, we were really windy here. It was 70 degrees, the other day, now it's like 30 something it's it's like stupid.
Richelle Direny: Like we've had
Alyse: summer, winter, spring and fall all in a matter of a day.
Richelle Direny: Somebody told me yesterday that it snowed in the morning and then it was like
Alyse: Yes, and then two nights before that, I mean there was hail the size of damn
Alyse: like bubble gum balls. It was huge.
Alyse: I have to
Alyse: I needed at nine o'clock I needed to go and get my damn ham.
Alyse: And I have to go get Easter baskets for everybody. I have to go get Easter shopping done. I'm like,
Richelle Direny: Are you going to do that when you're not now.
Alyse: We're going on like not like that Walmart sloping that central
Richelle Direny: I'm talking about for your Easter stuff. Like, how are you going to do the little
Richelle Direny: Easter head. You just got to put
Alyse: Yes. Yeah, yeah. So we just call my neighbor and tell her about to use her yard, too, but like my mom and dad will come over and my sister, my nephew.
Alyse: And then his brother will probably come over. I mean, it's not anybody that's not normally hear you know i mean we're not having like strangers here or anything like that but
Alyse: That's if I know my mom and dad will come for sure. I'm not sure what family of his will come but gotta make sure and I wouldn't Easter baskets and then
Alyse: I really wanted to make a little Easter baskets for the girls and I just don't know. I got them. Oh, can I show you this may be a lot of what
Alyse: You have to see I got them on.
Alyse: Like you know their Easter outfits. Everybody always does dresses, but I had to go get them.
Alyse: Says, my first Easter 2020
Alyse: And then it says their little name.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Alyse: And it has ears. So you see, it's like. Like romper like a like a one Z romper has years on the bud.
Alyse: But
Alyse: The irony.
Alyse: So,
Alyse: Cheeky. Oh, she will
Alyse: Yeah for revenue base yellow that's that's missing. You can
Richelle Direny: I can see your big helper.
Alyse: says hello. Yeah, she is.
Alyse: Um, so yeah, but I was like I have to go find them some white tights are like on like leggings to go underneath, because they can't be just but out
Alyse: Well, happy.
Alyse: Trying to make this the best each are possible for what it's worth. I mean, it doesn't feel much like Easter at all. It's kind of sad.
Richelle Direny: I know you guys
Richelle Direny: Are having a dysfunctional weather patterns situation going on down there.
Alyse: Yeah. Are you guys doing anything for you, sir.
Richelle Direny: I'm kind of making it. Well, I've never we never, I've never done the real the easter egg. I've never really
Alyse: done any of that, but
Richelle Direny: Just from my little one.
Richelle Direny: My Church has some stuff that they're
Richelle Direny: Giving outside. I think today, I'm going to go over there and pick it up and bring it for him to participate. What I've never really done the whole because that's just a whole lot of egging candy.
Alyse: Yes, he I've never, I've never done it either like we had Easter baskets, my parents would hide them in the house or something.
Alyse: But he does on easily like a golden egg that has like $100 on it or something like that. And they have, like, you know, some change or a couple dollars and I'm in candy. But, I mean, I don't know, like
Richelle Direny: Hold on for the kid says money.
Richelle Direny: For our kids roller
Alyse: Girl. Listen, they get $100 and their basket. So you spend $100 and candy for the basket. They get a $50 bill inside their basket.
Alyse: And then he usually makes like a golden egg like that's like $100 or something like that. No, hold on, wait. She can't be in short sleeve is too cold today. It's like 30 degrees outside.
Alyse: Hold on, I'm sorry, she's whining, a little bit. It's not that big of a deal, honey.
Richelle Direny: Because you keep on going.
Richelle Direny: I scheduled you for, um, I scheduled you for the first at nine.
Alyse: Okay.
Richelle Direny: That'll work. I mean,
Alyse: We have sent me a message before onion.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Yeah, I will.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I'm gonna I'm gonna prepare for my next session, we're like 15 minutes past our time, my friend.
Alyse: Yeah, why did somebody saw me from bright heart just messaged me
Alyse: Well, anyways I hope you have a wonderful Easter.
Alyse: It was well yeah and
Richelle Direny: I each other on into week well in three weeks because it's on the first of me.
Alyse: Yeah, I'm, I'm going to try to, I'll try to make a group on Tuesday. Tuesday group eight o'clock or something like that. So I can check in and say hi or something.
Richelle Direny: Okay, no problem.
Alyse: Okay.
Alyse: So have a good holiday and you
Richelle Direny: To
Alyse: Be safe and and enjoy your warm weather.
Richelle Direny: I will
Alyse: Have a good one. Bye.